I moved out WEEKS ago and I'm STILL getting billed by this place. DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!!

I can't say enough good things about the staff at Clover! They have been exceptional throughout our housing search. They were incredibly patient and understanding, taking the time to answer every question thoroughly.

I've been living at Clover for about two years now, and my experience has been consistently excellent. The leasing staff is always friendly and helpful. The maintenance team is also quick to respond whenever something needs attention.

My experience at Clover was great. As someone moving from the West Coast, Clover really made my transition to life in DC very easy with all the amenities provided. The leasing agents are very accessible and whenever an issue comes up it gets resolved quickly.

Next time you demand a $100 cleaning fee, call your tenants and tell them, and make sure you take it from everyone who signs your lease and not prioritize people or single one person out to put $100 on their credit.

I love living here! The building hosts different FREE events that let all the residents come together and connect. Moving in was a breeze.

Common Clover is not a good place to rent. They are charging very high prices, advertising that they will do maintenance and cleaning of the apartments once a week, but when they come, they do so for a few minutes and the apartment is left dirty.

Living at Common Clover was the best solution to my senior year of college I never thought I'd find. My suitemate and I found a bond that is irreplaceable.

Common as a company does not care about its residents. I've lived here for six months and my favorite part was moving out. You're lured in with furnished apartments but you get a mattress.

I have lived at the apartment building for 2 years across 2 different management companies. The original management was much better. The new company has been inconsistent with communication and building access.

The new company that took over is really doing an awesome job. Way better than Common Clover!

Clover has been an incredible space and community. When I graduated college and moved to DC I was super nervous about finding a good apartment and I honestly hit the jackpot here. Great location, great amenities, and super helpful staff.

The management team is very friendly and always willing to help me with anything that comes up.

Very nice place, love the amenities! The staff is extremely friendly. The downside is the suite mate assignments and suite mate management. I have had issues with my suitemate that have gone unresolved.