I am a Howard student currently leasing with Mazza. I have had the pleasure to be here for my Junior year and the only complaint I have is the WiFi not working for certain devices, slow maintenance with the previous owners. I recommend Mazza to my classmates.

The apartment itself is fine. It's often noisy and nothing is done about noise complaints. Housekeeping does not clean all areas often, it took a week for a dead bird to be removed from a stairwell.

New management is avoidant when it comes to addressing problems that they caused and finding solutions. I've been waiting to hear back from someone after my issue had been escalated 3 times and it's been over a month since I first reached out.

The living experience at Mazza has been good. The staff is always helpful and often very responsive. The amenities and apartments are currently being upgraded, and so far they're pretty good.

Living here at Mazza has been great. The rooms and amenities make the place more fun and management hosting events such as free breakfast makes it even better. Need more community center events and new gym machines but other than that it's a great place for a college student.

I've had a pretty good experience living at Mazza. The office is filled with students so it's hard to get your questions answered properly sometimes. The gym is bad, a lot of the equipment doesn't work. I do feel safe here and the rent is affordable.

First year staying at Mazza and I must say it's been pretty good. Staff are respectful and responsive in a timely manner. I haven't had any issues. The common areas are always clean and neat.

While the apartments are spacious and the rooms are very versatile and are one of the more affordable options in this area, everything about this building is inconsistent. The communication, advertised transportation, management, WiFi, etc. I'm not saying it's the worst place to live, but it does cause a lot of stress.

I've had the displeasure of residing at Mazza for 103 days. From the questionable contract terms to the subpar living conditions it's been a wild ride. The apartment's broken dishwasher took three weeks to fix.

The new management has been great in terms of communication. The apartments are nice and spacious and maintenance has been quick to respond. The apartments are affordable for $1000 per month with all utilities charged through the portal so it's easy to pay.

Mazza has been a nice place to live as a Howard student. If they had shuttles I would live here again. The front desk is very helpful.

This is my second year living in Mazza and I have to say it has been lovely. I have my own room, bathroom and common area.

The apartment is nice and spacious but the AC hasn't worked the whole time I've been living here and I've put in multiple maintenance requests. Office hours are inconsistent. Make sure you have your doors locked because random people come in through the garage sometimes, it's scary.

I've lived at Mazza for two years and while the apartments may be nice looking there is so much going on once you sign your lease. They have gone through about 4 building managers since I've lived here, my friends had problems with mice.

This is my second year staying at Mazza and it's terrible. The building falsely advertised transportation to Howard University and University of Maryland. My AC has been broken now for 3 weeks and no update about when it will be fixed.