Recently we went through an extremely challenging time trying to secure our college student housing, after she was denied housing for her senior year with a two week notice before the fall semester was to begin.

If you are a working ADULT and value peace and quiet, DO NOT move here. I lived here from 2021-2026 and saw the management shift from CIM to Berkshire. Trellis House was unofficially converted into student housing.

If you would like to sleep and live in peace and quiet I strongly suggest not living here. The materials used are not great from a sound perspective, you can hear all your neighbors as if they are right next to you, and the footsteps above you.

I just went for a tour at Trellis House. I was impressed because it has everything you need in the building. Swimming pool, gym, wellness room, study room, club room and amazing patio.

Trellis apartments and on-site employees exceeded my expectations. The property is beautiful with amazing amenities and it's close to Howard. The guided tour was delightful.

I have lived at Trellis House for almost two years and have had a great experience. The front desk staff are helpful and welcoming. Neighbors are respectful and pleasant. Any issues I raise to the leasing office are responded to promptly.

I've now been at Trellis House for six years, and from the moment I moved in, it's always felt like home. The building is beautiful, well-kept, and has such a unique vibe that makes it stand out. The amenities are still top-tier.

Lived here for 4 years. Could tell right away it was cheaply made. Super loud too. Lots of college kids. Bad management. If you live on the west side of the building, keep in mind that Sherman Avenue is a big commuter road and is loud.

Trellis is a really nice space to live close to Howard. Amenities are great and apartments are perfect for students. My application process has been very drawn out due to the slowness of the leasing office.

I lived at Trellis for two years and loved it! The staff here is amazing. The maintenance crew is amazing and timely with all requests.

Trellis House is solid and modern, but I wouldn't go as far to say it is luxury. The apartment units are really beautiful. The building is up-kept well and is very pretty. Location is very convenient. The property management is really lacking though.

Trellis House Apartments — I live here for more than 5 years. This spectacular place has amenities including swimming pool, club room, yoga room, study room, gym and much more. Leasing staff are so welcoming and maintenance are very nice and respectful.

Worst apartment. Flooring is terrible, the walls are terribly thin and management doesn't enforce the rug rule. Upstairs neighbors thump all night and I have called the front desk for months and nothing has been done.

I've been living here for over a year and wanted to share my experience with maintenance. I recently had an issue with my kitchen lights and they arrived to my apartment quickly and fixed it the same day.

Been here for almost 4 years. Building is nice, amenities are lovely, it's not soundproof, you will hear neighbors downstairs, upstairs and on sides. There are a lot of students who party, are up late, and don't take care of amenities.

I was among the first 10 people to move in the building when it opened and I used to love it. The building's management changed about 6 months ago and the level of service has really plummeted.

Would not recommend, because it is not worth the money. Amenities are nice, and it is in a great location. However, upcharges for tenant damage are ridiculous especially when you pay an application fee and deposit.

Leasing office will scam you with their deals. I've found homeless people sleeping in our garage and not to mention the rats INSIDE the apartment building. It looks nice and new on the outside but this place has been a nightmare.

I go to Howard University across the street and live in Trellis. I love it! The atmosphere and amenities are amazing and it is just an experience to live here.