Living here has been a wonderful experience. The property is well-maintained, and the staff are consistently friendly, professional, and attentive to residents needs. Security is reliable, which gives me peace of mind and makes the community feel safe at all times. The neighborhood is vibrant yet comfortable, with everything I need close by.

Much monetary incentive from the leasing team to have you move in, but little to no incentive to keep you as a resident. I would recommend this apartment building for Howard students alone, most of Trellis is comprised of Howard students, not for anyone above college-age. There are certain rules that have been dictated due to this, for example roof access is locked by 10pm.

Nice and safe facility with spacious living spaces. Location easily accessible. Well maintained. Staff are very accommodating. Parking is plentiful.

It has been fine. The only thing that hasn't been great was the front desk staff. Depends on who's up front, but sometimes they can be rude. Also the gym equipment needs to be fixed and it gets hot in there.

The building is great, however the management does not meet expectations. They do not seem to care much to serve the residents needs and desires. I have had much better customer service with other companies running the building.

Overpriced, lack of security and TERRIBLE management. Management are dismissive, uncaring, and condescending. For 40 days the lock to my apartment stopped working six separate times. As a single woman coming home to an unlocked apartment was extremely scary and stressful. We've had several scary situations including an escaped felon and an individual scaling the balconies with the cops chasing him. Every time it broke I called, emailed and stopped by the management office and received zero acknowledgement.

One of the best apartments I've lived in in the DMV area. The staff are extremely helpful and attentive. The smell is amazing and it's really close to everything including U Street. Would definitely recommend.

The building is poorly designed and you can hear noise easily. It's located near a university and not a safe neighborhood. Management is not friendly. The neighborhood is far from the main city but close to U street if you are into a party. I do not recommend.